Add failover note to migration/replication (#3659)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Databases/STaaS/STaaS.md

1. Deploy the [STaaS Migration Script package](https://catalog.dataminer.services/details/46046c45-e44c-4bff-ba6e-3d0441a96f02) from the DataMiner Catalog.

1. In the Automation module in DataMiner Cube, locate the *CloudStorageMigration* script and [execute the script](xref:Manually_executing_a_script).

1. Initialize the migration:

>    - Optionally, configure a proxy for the migration if necessary. This is supported from DataMiner 10.4.6 onwards.

Reviewer: These steps need to be taken in the mentioned order, so this has to be a numbered list.

   - Click *Init migration* to initialize the migration.

> > [!NOTE]
> > When running the automation script in a DMA which is part of a failover pair. Make sure the active agent is the main failover agent (the first agent in failover configuration). Otherwise the automation script will not function properly.

Reviewer: Make sure to indent a note within a numbered list, because otherwise the numbering will restart from 1. Also note that Automation (when referring to the Automation module), Agent (when referring to a DataMiner Agent) and Failover (when referring to DataMiner Failover) all need to be capitalized.

```suggestion
   > [!NOTE]
   > When you run the Automation script on a Failover pair, make sure the currently active Agent is the main Failover Agent (i.e. the first Agent in the Failover configuration). Otherwise, the Automation script will not function correctly.
```

   - Click *Init migration* to initialize the migration.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Same comment as above.
